[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the episode 5 recap
of the l word generation q like always I
will be spoiling the entire episode so
proceed with caution
this video will be different from my
past recaps because long story short CBS
who owns Showtime is extraordinarily
protective of its footage and
understandably so unfortunately that
means I am no longer able to upload
episode clips but I will do my best to
make this recap as interesting as
possible mama B is dropping off baby
Angelica and gal pal Geordie to school
and they're discussing a play both girls
are in that wants to attend the plays
closing night but Angelica is adamant
that her part is embarrassing and it's
not a big deal Geordie then discloses
that her folks won't be coming to the
play for unknown reasons she brushes off
beat parental rejection although it
clearly affects her angie then has a
change of heart and ask Bette to come
for Jordi's sake also during the drop
off Bette gets a text message from booth
Bank Felicity which she lies about to a
suspicious Angie not long after Bette
meets boo thang Felicity in an
undisclosed location
Felicity is bursting with excitement and
can't wait to tell Bette all about the
new apartment she just rented for them
now she and Bette can stop having risque
sex at luxurious five-star hotels and
instead cook together
oddly enough Bette besides this is the
perfect time to drop the gauntlet and
she finally breaks up with Felicity in a
bid to change BET's mind felicity drops
the l-word numerous times and demands
that Bette fight for their relationship
vet drops the l-word 0 times and demands
that Felicity go away Bette is alone at
campaign headquarters putting
some overtime when PR vixen Danny shows
up to put in a little o T of our own
Danny is visibly upset for reasons we'll
get into later in the video and bet
fresh off her breakup with felicity
can relate and because I cannot
adequately put into words how terrified
I was while watching the scene unfold I
filmed a quick reaction clip despite my
dramatic overreaction things remained PG
between Bette and Danny and I have to
say I'm proud of Miss Porter for keeping
her hands to herself but I'm still
keeping my eye on these two
and my spray bottle handy it's Angie's
big night and Mama B and the gang are
all there proudly cheering her on as
well as her parent list gal pal Jordy
and afterwards Bette gives both ang and
Geordie participation flowers as Bette
and the girls leave the school a drunken
man begins yelling at Bette about the
breakup of his marriage
the man is Felicity's husband and as he
lumbers up the stairs to reach bet he
forcefully throws angie to the ground
the momma bear in Mama B comes out
swinging and Bette shoves Felicity's
husband down the stairs where he just
lays there twitching it's the morning
after for Alice NAT and Gigi Gigi is
hung over Palace is hungry and NAT is
angry in a fit of self-righteousness NAT
conveniently forgets that the threesome
was her idea in the first place and
decides it's just a one-time deal it's
clear Alice doesn't totally agree but
the kids have woken up so they showed
the discussion and Gigi sneaks out the
back while hanging with vet and Shane
Alice throws out the idea that perhaps
her threesome with Gigi and Matt could
lead to a throuple
shame then defines a throuple as a
couple plus one but an article by The
Huffington Post defines throuple as an
intimate loving relationship between a
trio of people and differentiates it
from a threesome by noting a threesome
is focused on lovemaking a couple is
focused on being in love it's time for
the conversation NAT double downs on her
position insist the threesome was a
drunken mistake and thinks that pursuing
anything further would be a terrible
idea Alice and Gigi disagree they
enjoyed the shared intimacy and asked
Matt to reconsider NAT and Gigi then get
into what feels like a recurring fight
about Gigi's infidelity while Alice
looks on awkwardly ultimately NAT
concedes and the trio sits down for
their first session as a potential
throuple although they don't really get
anything figured out the meeting is a
success and a new throuple is born
[Music]
Shayne and ex-wife Chiara are spending a
lazy morning in bed
it seems they reconciled at Shane's
party the night before and now are very
much enjoying each other
that is until Chiara blurts out that
she's pregnant but it's okay because she
doesn't need Shane to be her baby's
daddy Chiara insists she will be the one
to handle all the tedious child-rearing
and Shane can concentrate on being
Kira's boo and ki Aras boo only Shane
thinks the idea is ridiculous and tries
to flee but miss Chiara grabs her by the
arm and tells her it's me remember you
don't scare me
Shane stops by Dana's to make sure
things are running smoothly and is
confronted by a heartbroken Tess you
[ __ ] my girlfriend and you want to
know if you can trust me Shane oh damn
my bad you good though Tess it's cool
Shane that's what's up Jane is back home
getting ready for Angie's play when
Kiara shows up with a bottle of whiskey
and even more bluntness
she tells Shane that she doesn't need
her but wants her Shane perhaps warming
to the idea of partner over parent
invites cue to Angie's play after the
play uncle Shane picks up on Angie and
Jordi's looks of puppy love and gives
Angie a little reassurance Kiara lurks
in the background and although she keeps
her feelings to herself there are some
that say Tiaras uterus grew three sizes
that day Danny and Sophie's episode
starts with a bang or more accurately a
prenuptial agreement drawn up by Danny's
father Sophie initially agrees to sign
the prenup just to get daddy warbucks
off their backs but after a closer
inspection of the prenup they find a
clause that declares any biological
children of Sophie's would not be
legally recognized as belonging to Danny
therefore Danny would have no financial
obligation to provide for the children
if she and Sophie got divorced in a fit
of rage
Danny rushes out to confront her father
and the two go head-to-head with the
fight culminating in Danny throwing the
prenuptial agreement at her father and
dropping the fu bomb on the car ride
home Danny is still visibly upset about
the argument so lucky for her Sophie
just finished reading daring greatly by
bren Brown and she is more than ready
to step inside the arena of
vulnerability with her beloved Danny
unfortunately Danny does not want to
discuss a damn thing with Sophie and
shockingly this leads to a fight Sophie
expresses to her sister her concerns
about how Danny always processes her
emotions alone and never opens up to
Sophie meanwhile Danny opens up to Bette
and allows Bette to help her process her
emotions it's another morning after and
micah is walking jose out so it's
probably safe to assume they had a
pretty good time last night especially
considering that jose is looking at
Micah the same way Alice looked at that
cake a clearly smitten Jose then drops
the l-word on a shocked Micah before
making a hasty retreat Micah takes a bit
of ribbing from the girls but eventually
he and Jose have the talk they agree
they're in the weird in-between stage of
their relationship and right now
definitions aren't as important as
simply enjoying each other Micah
hesitantly tells Jose that he would like
to try something but he's afraid Jose
might not be into it jose sweetly
reassures him we can try anything you
want we can never try it again or we can
do it every day so what do you want to
do turns out Michael wants Jose to do a
little below the belt exploring and Jose
seems more than happy to oblige
heavy-hearted tests arrives at work
still reeling from her breakup with Lena
Lena is m.i.a today and a former
alcoholic test finds herself on the
of relapse she calls her sponsor who
suggests tests should find someone in
need of help and because the universe
works in mysterious ways
Tezz stumbles upon Finley passed out in
Shane's office test treats Finley to
breakfast and the pair get to know each
other better but Finley can't shake the
feeling that she needs to apologize to
Rebecca for something she just can't
remember what following her instincts
Finley goes to Rebecca's house and
issues a general apology but Rebecca
doesn't believe Finley is ready for the
kind of relationship she wants and
lovingly tells Finley to go work on her
[ __ ] Finley
then rolls her bike like five feet away
and calls her dad the phone call is
heart-wrenching and it's obvious that
Finley is estranged from most of her
family and deeply misses them checking
back in with tests without Finley as a
distraction she is staring down those
bottles of liquor like they hold the key
to her salvation and long story short
she relapses when Finley does turn up
again the two get hammered and one thing
leads to another and y'all know what
they do and that is it for the recap as
always thank you guys so much for
watching if you haven't already don't
forget to subscribe and if you like the
video do me a huge favor and smash the
thumbs up button and fingers crossed
I'll see you guys next week
[Music]